19-10-2005 - iglobal-dev-howto

What is iglobalwall
-------------------
This project is to add a bounce protection system to DTC. The atempte is to
let people check a web site and enter a number they see in a picture, so you
know it's a real human that is on the other side. A managable whitelist is
then created automaticaly.

What is the development state currently?
----------------------------------------
This system has been run in production durring few weeks with a qmail
mail server. It has succesfully been proven to work eficiently if well
configured.

The iglobalwall.tar.gz source contain a basic C mail header parser
and the web interface. All this code is 1 year old now.

- The c2 folder is the one to look at (others are stupid tries I left
by the side). It does the mail filtering based on the MySQL database state,
and send the bounce message using the ESMTP library, using both C or
C++ api. It has shown to work, but because I was not proud of the C / C++
mail header parser, I asked a friend to rewrite one in C++ correctly.
Because he is a C++ addict, his work is a lot more professional than mine,
and it should be used as a replacement of my code IMHO. That new parser
can be found in the mail_header.rar VC project that should be ported to
Unix.

- The w folder contains the web interface that should be added to the
current dtc-email php interface. It does the bounce message configuration,
and the whiteliste management. On top of it, you have a fetchmail interface
that can be used to mailfilter foreign mailbox.

What should be done?
--------------------
We should put all this work re-implemented directly in the dtc-email panel.
Anybody wishing to help is welcome but as usual, I think I'm going to do
it myself ! :)

The current work only uses a mysql quarantine system. It's to be changed in
the favor of Damien Mascord's SPAM mail filters using the courier-maildrop
tool. I currently don't know how to integrate my whytelisting +bounce and
human verification to use the SPAM folder like Damien does.

Also, I think an automatic cleanup system should be performed in the SPAM
folder in order to remove quarantined messages that are too old, that's a
very very important feature if you recieve hundreds of spam a month.



